Thought I'd work on the gloves today it's really pretty much the same thing as we've done before.
But I think this will combine the shrink wrap modifier with using the grease pencil to see if we can
get the edges going around the thumb.
So I will tab into object mode here and go to the Create tab and create a cylinder.
Now when we created the cylinder for the arms I believe we used 10 sides so I'm going to do that again.
Use that 10.
I want to turn the cap filled to nothing because I don't need that.
And let's bring this up here and maybe scale it up a bit and I'll try and place it on the arm here.
And I need to add some edge loops here so I press control r and scroll the mouse wheel and let's give
it.
I'll give it four edges here and I'll click.
And so now we've got the basic geometry of that arm cuff.
So now I come over here and add a modifier.
Go to shrink wrap and for this what did I call this let's see gloves.
I think I called it gloves so let's choose that and there we go.
I'll come back over to the object window and turn on x ray and let's take a look at it that looks pretty
good.
So now the trick is going to be to draw out the edges that are going to come around the thumb.
But first what I need to do is apply the shrinkwrapped modifier to this.
So over here in the modifiers tab I'll just click apply.
Now we go now if we tab into edit mode we can see the mesh here.
I think what I'll do is select this edge here and just hit E and extrude it out to here.
I don't have snap on right now I'll press shift tab to turn that on and then I'll select one of these
points and press the key just to snap it to this object like this.
Now I mean snap these as well
and we go now what I want to do is draw out the edges so that this edge can be extruded on around the
thumb.
So I think at least for now I'm going to turn off x ray like this.
So let's go over to the grease pencil tab.
And let's also come over here and press the End key to bring up the properties panel.
So with this object selected in edit mode I'll go ahead and press new for a new grease pencil data block.
I'll make sure and choose surface and I'll click draw.
All right so now we should be able to draw out our edge loops around this thumb so maybe I'll draw one
here.
And here
I'll draw one here.
And on around
maybe like this.
All right let's give this a try.
So I'll press ENTER or go to edge mode I'll select this edge I'll come back to Tools tab and I'll click
add surface and there we go.
I'm going to turn the follow down to one.
And there we are.
There's our edge flow around the thumb.
I'll come over here and I'll turn x ray on again.
So what do we need to do here.
It looks to me like I could move this over here and this over here.
And then maybe match these two up I'll press alt and click at the center so they merge there and then
maybe I'll select these four and hit the F key and see how that works.
These two look like they could merge together all press all at him and at center and match those two
up.
The only question I have here is if I should have added an extra edge here.
It almost seems like I should have.
Because then I'll have edges quads going around here so maybe I should move this up just a bit.
Like so.
And I'll try and insert an edge loop here and see what happens.
I don't know for a little while if that was the correct thing to do.
We'll see.
And then I'll move this around.
So what I'm trying to do is just get quads flowing out of here and quads flowing out of here.
So why don't we go ahead and extend that.
That's a good idea.
What I'll do is I'll turn off X right here and I'm going to take the grease pencil and draw out edges
this way on around trying to keep in mind these edges appear so they match.
So once again I'll come over to the grease pencil and I'll draw.
And let's take let's draw an edge out here to match this edge one here.
One here
an edge here
here and one there yeah let's try that.
OK so now I hit Enter I'll select this page and click add surface and take the follow down to one.
All right so now we click X-ray and we've got that extending on down around the hand.
So now maybe I can select this point and control select this point and then do the same thing over here.
Actually I'll just go ahead and click them individually and move and selected these.
Now I press control the bridge edge loops does that.
And then I can select these four points hit F to create a face I could also do that here.
So yeah.
So now we've got kind of our base geometry for that what we need to do now is Connect them up to the
arm here.
So before I connect anything up I'm going to go ahead and measure it over what I'll do is move the origin
to the 3D cursor because that's here at the center of the grid.
The next thing I should do is apply the transformations for scale and rotation here.
We're going to mirror this over some of the press control a and choose to apply the rotation and scale.
And now the scale is at all ones and the rotation is at all zeroes.
So now if I take this and go to the modifiers menu I can choose a mirror.
And now at all Mir over to the other side.
So now I'm going to go ahead and just come over to this third layer where I only have my low poly version.
I need to find those arms and bring them back over here.
You know they are or these arm cuffs I'll press him and bring it over to the third layer and click OK.
And then what I need to do is take these guys and shift select this and I'm going to press control Jay
to join them all together.
So now I should be able to come in here and use the bridge tool to hook these up again so I'll select
this edge with Allt click.
And then this edge with Shift click and let's try this as press control E and bridge edge loops and
there we go.
And then let's come over to this other side over here and select this edge and shift Allt selected this
ledge.
Let's go ahead and press control and bridge edge loops here as well.
All right so we have our arm cuffs now completed and hooked onto the arms.
We're getting pretty close.
I need to work on the belt of the character and the little tunic on the front and back and I need to
figure out exactly what I'm going to be doing for the fingers of the character.
I think what I'll do for this is actually create individual pieces or the fingers and thumb I think
will be different pieces then the arm cuff.
I don't have enough resolution around the fingers to get enough detail here.
So I think these will be a different piece but ultimately still the same object.
So we'll work on that coming up.